yes these sugar cubes to make a nice
addition to my base Oh shake get the
fuck out of here baby no come back you
cowardly fucks
I need you stay oh hey optimus what's
going on Chacho come inside kick your
feet up have a glass of lemonade I got
that new herbal shit with the Scooby Doo
yes I stuck in her asshole she didn't
what break yourself fool oh I need a
medic a medic
yeah that's right Straight Outta Compton
boot yeah I got some for y'all niggas
too yeah well fuck everything you just
said because uh catch me Soundwave yeah
baby
oh you don't shoot anybody see what
happened yeah
I'm morphed into a weapon how cool shit
is that huh yeah something bad happened
you gotta take this man he's been hurt I
once caught a fish this big I don't know
what happened I was just minding my own
business and some he fell over I didn't
do it you ain't